Rework tutorials index (#570)
dynamiqs/dynamiqs: docs/tutorials/index.md

# Tutorials

## Learn the Basics

> Familiarize yourself with dynamiqs. Learn how to run simulations of quantum differential equations, define time-dependent objects, batch over many parameters, or compute gradients.

Reviewer: I thing the phrasing "quantum differential equations" is not very standard, here's a proposed reformulation 😊
```suggestion
Familiarize yourself with dynamiqs. Learn how to simulate quantum systems, define time-dependent operators, run multiple simulations simultaneously, or compute gradients.
```
